Initiate scAdvanced cheatsheet (#663)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: module-cheatsheets/scRNA-seq-cheatsheet.md

This will usually (but not always!) match what you have installed on your machine.
If you have a different version of R or other R packages, the documentation may differ from what you have installed.

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**

> - [Base `R`](#base-r)

Reviewer: Rendering robustness
```suggestion

- [Base `R`](#base-r)
```

> | Base `R`| [`<-function(x) { <code> }`](https://adv-r.hadley.nz/functions.html) | Function | Creates a function that would take the defined parameters as input and execute the commands within the curly braces  |

Reviewer: I realized that we don't have a link to the `\()` anywhere... I don't know if this is the right place, but we should put it somewhere... Maybe with `purrr`? Docs here: https://rdrr.io/r/base/function.html

| `SingleCellExperiment` | [`SingleCellExperiment()`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html) | Single Cell Experiment| Creates a `SingleCellExperiment` object  |
| `SingleCellExperiment`| [`colData()`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html#2_Creating_SingleCellExperiment_instances) | Column Data | Extracts and stores cell-level metadata that describes features of the `SingleCellExperiment` object|
| `SingleCellExperiment`| [`rowData()`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html#2_Creating_SingleCellExperiment_instances)  | Row Data   | Extracts and stores gene-level metadata that describes features of the `SingleCellExperiment` object|

> | `SingleCellExperiment`| [`assays()` and `assay()`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html#2_Creating_SingleCellExperiment_instances)  | Assay(s) | Extracts or assigns a given assay(s) from a `SingleCellExperiment` object|

Reviewer: Do we want to link to the `SummarizedExperiment`  documentation to explain this and assayNames?(with some kind of note that the same functions apply at the top)? https://rdrr.io/bioc/SummarizedExperiment/man/SummarizedExperiment-class.html

> | `SingleCellExperiment`| [`assays()` and `assay()`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html#2_Creating_SingleCellExperiment_instances)  | Assay(s) | Extracts or assigns a given assay(s) from a `SingleCellExperiment` object|

Author: > (with some kind of note that the same functions apply at the top)

Can you clarify ^?

> | `SingleCellExperiment`| [`assays()` and `assay()`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html#2_Creating_SingleCellExperiment_instances)  | Assay(s) | Extracts or assigns a given assay(s) from a `SingleCellExperiment` object|

Reviewer: What I meant here was that we are linking to files defined with respect to `SummarizedExperiment` objects, and it may not be immediately clear that they also work on `SingleCellExperiment` objects. So I wondered if we might want a note that says "Some of the functions below are defined in `SummarizedExperiment`, but can be applied to `SingleCellExperiment because the latter is a special version of the former" (Not those words!)

> | `SingleCellExperiment`| [`assays()` and `assay()`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html#2_Creating_SingleCellExperiment_instances)  | Assay(s) | Extracts or assigns a given assay(s) from a `SingleCellExperiment` object|

Author: Ah you know, I didn't even notice that! Will do

> | `SingleCellExperiment`| [`assayNames()`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html#3_Adding_low-dimensional_representations)  | Assay names  | Returns a vector of the names of all assays in a `SingleCellExperiment` object|

Reviewer: While `#3_Adding_low-dimensional_representations` is the first place in that doc that `assayNames()`  appears, I'm not sure it is a good place to link for the docs...

Author: Agreed...Done in https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/pull/663/commits/b585b5fb43da26ecc0cbfdd64b24672b91151aba

> | `SingleCellExperiment`| [`logcounts()`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html#3_Adding_low-dimensional_representations)| Log counts| Stores or extracts log-transformed single-cell experiment count data as an assay of the `SingleCellExperiment` object|

Reviewer: Not something you changed, but fixing this link.
```suggestion
| `SingleCellExperiment`| [`logcounts()`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html#4_Convenient_access_to_named_assays)| Log counts| Stores or extracts log-transformed single-cell experiment count data as an assay of the `SingleCellExperiment` object|
```

| `SingleCellExperiment`| [`counts()`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html#4_Convenient_access_to_named_assays)| Counts| Stores or extracts raw single-cell experiment count data as an assay of the `SingleCellExperiment` object|

> | `SingleCellExperiment`| [`reducedDims()` and `reducedDim()`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html#3_Adding_low-dimensional_representations)| Reduced dim(s)| Extracts or assigns a given reduced dimension(s) from a `SingleCellExperiment` object|

Author: Done in https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/pull/663/commits/1d6ecd72d710cbdff8fa52b2351a7e882bc3a6f1
